So today we're going to go ahead and start talking about pipes though what pipes do is basically transform
data did we intend to display within our template.
If you'll remember we encountered pipes before and we encountered them right here it's the date by date
and we've used this piping to format it basically to transform the date into a particular format.
Let's put it like that.
So date is just one of those built in pipes.
You also have apprecate.
I mean angular itself has built in pipes basically have they uppercase lowercase.
I'm pretty sure that these are self-explanatory.
They just formats the data to a certain size to a circuit for Mathilde's like that and upper cases to
all the all the letters to uppercase and lowercase all letters to lowercase.
Basically just alters the strings currency on the other hand transforms a number to be displayed as
a currency.
So for example if something is $10 it's going to say USD 10 or b c you are 10 10 euros you have a pipe
for decimal points and 4 percentage to basically convert to percentages.
Now I'm going to go ahead and show them to you this is not just straight talk but Engler has a lot of
pipes but maybe not that many.
But he can check them out here.
Here's the here's the site.
And here are some of the pipes that you can actually have a look and see how they actually work.
So from the official documentation that is Anyway let's go ahead and see how this actually works in
action.
Oh by the way just one more thing before we see how this works in action.
Aside from the built in pipes it is possible that we make our own pipes but this we will do later on.
So at the moment we have to have a t value here but before that I made some very small alterations to
the file so they're practically unnoticeable.
You go into the transaction folder and then you go into transaction service that TS.
And as you can see here I have just a new day.
I've set a new date so date and new date.
And the reason why I wanted to mention this year is because this is hilarious.
Strange.
OK so year is fine right.
Days are fine.
Ours are fine minutes are fine seconds are fine but for some strange reason and God knows why I am struggling
to understand.
For what reason did somebody decide that months should be iterated from zero.
So instead of having months ago what do you have five six seven eight nine 10 11 12.
You have month that are going from zero so it's zero one two three four five six seven eight nine 10
11 you still have 12 months.
But it goes from zero.
So this is completely unexplainable reasons at least nothing that I can understand.
Why on earth do months go from zero.
If somebody knows some logical or plausible explanation for this please.
Help me out here.
But anyway this is 2016 of the ninth month.
So it goes from 0 0 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9.
Well that foot nine would be the tenth month and 8 would be the ninth month etc. because the iteration
begins from zero so we have an extra number there.
So eight and nine month nine they are sorry eight.
They sent our sixth minute and first second.
Just wanted to explain the date format there and then I have added the date and other date down here.
And this value was altered a little bit so we have three decimal points so we can demonstrate the rounding
up OK so we go back into the account and then details that component that DML.
There we go.
And disvalue here on the site itself.
So it represents this value.
Let me just go ahead and reload the site.
Have I actually modified it.
I'm just going to see.
I did not save it which was brilliant and my and so value is right here.
And then it's fifty one twenty one point thirty one minus one thousand twenty point three hundred forty
eight.
And if we go back here this is what the t value presents those numbers.
Now we can go ahead and play around with pipes in order to get a different output in order to format
the current.
Let's put it like that.
So if I do this for example this
by pipe currency I'm just going to go ahead and save this.
Let's have a look what will happen.
OK.
So it's going to say USD 50.
The default currency as United States dollar so USD 50.
But suppose that I don't know we're somewhere else in the world and we don't use you as the US dollars.
It is possible to actually just state which string shall be used as a currency as a currency markers
so you are for for example euros they can control us.
There we go it's good to see you are so euros.
Aside from that we can also do this.
Colan true.
And this will make sure that they are actually not shown but rather instead of the symbol is show OK.
And there you go.
So symbols are actually showed instead of the actual the actual strings.
That's another way of putting it.
In addition to this we can also format the decimal points.
And in order for us to do that I mean just you can just keep adding here on end simply So these are
all based.
These are all just parameters for the pipes.
You are frue.
Now we're going to go ahead.
Let's see if we will.
OK.
So let's do that.
Let's say that we want a minute a bare minimum of two decimals shown and the maximum is also two decimals
to be shown.
If I save this case it says 50 and says 0 0 deserves it's not exist before it says 121 and then it's
3 1.
So it's rounding it up to the closest decimal point.
And this is well so 3 5.
It's again around to get up because we have stated that we can only have the maximum of two decimal
points and the minimum of two decimal points and it's not going to go beyond that.
You can also configure decimal points by just using it can delete all of this.
Is going to cut it and you can type in number column
should do the trick.
Yep there we go.
Still remains at the same.
OK so we are just going to go ahead and leave it with this.
There you go.
So it's going to go ahead and leave it with this and save it and then we're going to go ahead and proceed
in the follow up to Tauriel.